welcome at Z headquarters home of the
online market this revolutionized the
way arts and crafts are sold across the
world Etsy's Brooklyn office pays homage
to the 1 million craftspeople who sell
on its site everything in the office
tables chairs light fixtures art came
full price from Etsy sellers overhead
there's a yarn-bombing installation
yarn-bombing
installation Etsy and its 60 employees
moved into this Brooklyn warehouse in
2009 today it's where footage has
swelled from 15,000 to 80,000 and its
head count stands at 350 I want everyone
to feel a sense of community I think
that's really important and it's harder
because you know this office is getting
bigger and bigger one way XE just keep
it real is through eat see it seems a
program where we have locally catered
food delicious food brought in twice a
week and we all eat at the same time you
always get to meet new people and the
different conference rooms are the
different lunch tables there I think one
of my favorite stories about ETSU no
certain site features have come about
because of eat see conversations the
people in this office aren't just
employees they're XE sellers to dozens
so their crafts on the site and
employees host creative classes for one
another we have had crocheting classes
and knitting classes I did an enamel in
class so I got to make this access
chad dickerson is the executive force
behind etsy he took over a CEO in 2011
under his leadership etsy has added 20
million members and merchandise sales
doubled how do you balance with getting
really big and significant and staying
true to your brand at the end of the day
when you buy on Etsy it's a person
buying from another person so the very
nature of the transaction is really
based on personal intimacy so as we grow
I think as long as we maintain that
sense of personal intimacy that no
matter how large as he gets you'll still
have the sense of intimacy in the
platform but how big do you want to grow
do you want to I pee Oh on your own I
think one outcome threats it could be
being a public company but I think in
many ways that's just a legal structure
I think the the way we think about it is
just being independent and serving the
community
you